Clarify TiKV SM4 encryption descriptions (#20657)
pingcap/docs: encryption-at-rest.md

TiKV tracks encrypted data files using the absolute path of the files. As a result, once encryption is turned on for a TiKV node, the user should not change data file paths configuration such as `storage.data-dir`, `raftstore.raftdb-path`, `rocksdb.wal-dir` and `raftdb.wal-dir`.

> SM4 encryption is only supported in v6.3.0 and later versions of TiKV. TiKV versions earlier than v6.3.0 only support AES encryption. SM4 encryption impacts performance. In the worst-case scenario, it might cause a ​50% to 80% throughput degradation. However, a sufficiently large block cache can significantly mitigate this impact, reducing the throughput degradation to around 10%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SM4 encryption is only supported in v6.3.0 and later versions of TiKV. TiKV versions earlier than v6.3.0 only support AES encryption. SM4 encryption affects performance. In the worst-case scenario, it might cause a ​50% to 80% throughput degradation. However, a sufficiently large [`storage.block-cache`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#storageblock-cache) can significantly mitigate this impact, reducing the throughput degradation to around 10%.
```

Reviewer: style ref: https://developers.google.cn/style/word-list#impact

Impact: Use only as a noun. Instead of writing that something has an impact, use the word affect.
